com/example/springpractice/FileManager.java
 com.example.springpractice.FileManager
com/example/Application.java
 com.example.Application
com/example/springpractice/AppPages.java
 com.example.springpractice.AppPages
com/example/springpractice/MathService.java
 com.example.springpractice.MathService
com/example/jsonpractice/galvanizeExamples.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.galvanizeExamples
 com.example.jsonpractice.galvanizeExamples$Person
com/example/jsonpractice/ThemeParkController.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.ThemeParkController
com/example/jsonpractice/SpringJavaDemoApplication.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.SpringJavaDemoApplication
com/example/springpractice/Operators.java
 com.example.springpractice.Operators
 com.example.springpractice.Operators$1
com/example/springpractice/Animals.java
 com.example.springpractice.Animals
com/example/jsonpractice/tickets.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.tickets
com/example/jsonpractice/Ride.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.Ride
com/example/jsonpractice/Suitecase.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.Suitcase
com/example/springpractice/FormDataController.java
 com.example.springpractice.FormDataController
com/example/jsonpractice/Person.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.Person
com/example/springpractice/Formfiller.java
 com.example.springpractice.Formfiller
com/example/springpractice/DemoApplication.java
 com.example.springpractice.DemoApplication
com/example/springpractice/HomeController.java
 com.example.springpractice.HomeController
com/example/springpractice/Calculator.java
 com.example.springpractice.Calculator
com/example/jsonpractice/flight.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.Flight
com/example/jsonpractice/flightsEP.java
 com.example.jsonpractice.flightsEP
com/example/Activities/example/Views.java
 com.example.Activities.example.Views
 com.example.Activities.example.Views$Compact
 com.example.Activities.example.Views$Detailed
com/example/Activities/Activities/User.java
 com.example.Activities.Activities.User
com/example/Activities/Activities/Email.java
 com.example.Activities.Activities.Email
com/example/Activities/example/EndPoints.java
 com.example.Activities.example.EndPoints
com/example/Activities/Activities/Post.java
 com.example.Activities.Activities.Post
com/example/Activities/Activities/Status.java
 com.example.Activities.Activities.Status
com/example/Activities/Activities/Activities.java
 com.example.Activities.Activities.Activities
com/example/Activities/example/Application.java
 com.example.Activities.example.Application
